having lost his army to raise captured by alexander who
Impressed by his bravery the spared elected to his throne
to raise a valuable ally when anxious decides to submit
neighboring regions
but his conquering spirit drives him to want to progress towards the Ganges in order to
conquer the unstable emptier of macadam
he is also planning a naval expedition to the Mediterranean for the purpose of
take carthage
but that is too much for his men at the end of his strength and these draws five of his
officers they find the courage to inform him of their dissatisfaction
when alexander learns that these men prefer to return to their native country
that accompany him in his quest for personal fame mad with rage they get
take off under his tent
after three days of status quo alexander goes to the obvious
ccette to turn back
on the way back alexander can not help but make a detour to him
allows to conquer new regions of the Indus valley on
site
arriving early delta of the indus us he gathered a fleet intended to
assist his army as he moves west across the
desert i droz yesterday
however the monsoon separates the two forces and it causes heavy losses to
his army these men die of thirst and exhaustion due to the heat before
even to be able to reach south
alexander return nabavi the man with the intention of making it the capital of
his new amp
drunk with his success he is convinced of his own dignity the behavior
alexander becomes more and more despotic
measures to stimulate the troops and the cultures perso and
Greek as well as the revolt of gliding
will cause general dissatisfaction
in 323 BC BC plans to build a fleet
to attack arabia and carthage are already well advanced when they
catch the fever and he falls seriously ill
ten days later Alexander is only 32 years old
on his deathbed
when asked who will be his successor
he answers
The Strongest